>> Scott Moss: All right,
so speaking of exercises,
we're gonna jump into the next one.
So if you look inside the hooks folder,
you're going to have a org file,
org.js, which is just a org schema, and
you're gonna have a project schema.
And they're both pretty much filled out,
they've got some good stuff on them.
But just like the rest of the exercises,
you're gonna have some tests
that you have to pass.
So if we hop into the README and we,
>> Scott Moss: Preview that,
and we go down to what's happening here,
so again,
you're gonna have
a different test command.
It's just gonna be
exercises/hook/__test__, just so
we could run those tests and
not any other ones.
And basically,
in this exercise you're gonna learn how
to use schema middleware and virtuals,
which is exactly what we just talked
about and what I walked you all through.
Also, you'll dig into the indexes
a little more in detail and
talk about compound indexes.
So that's what we just did, so now you're
gonna have to showcase those skills.
And just like before, check out to
the start branch, reference the README for
any links or resources or
help that I might have talked about.
And as far as the tasks go,
there's more tasks here, but
I promise you that they're not
as difficult as the last one.
So first thing is you're gonna add
a compound index to the project schema so
that the project names are unique per org.
Very similar to what we just did, where I
made the school names unique per district,
you're gonna make the project
names unique per org.
Second thing you're gonna do is add
a virtual getter to the project schema
called bucketLeft, and that's gonna
calculate how much budget is left
versus how much budget has spent so far.
I'm gonna walk you through that in a
minute, cuz you haven't seen these models
before, so
you might not know what I'm talking about.
And the next thing you're gonna do is add
a post remove a hook to the org schema
that removes all projects
associated with the org.
So again, if you have associations
set up on a organization and
you delete an organization, every
party that's referencing that deleted
organization needs to get deleted, too.
So you need to write a middleware for
that, or a hook.
Add a virtual getter to the org schema
called avatar that creates the full url
to the org avatar by concatenating
the cdnURL with the org id.
That sounds very complicated,
but in reality,
you're just making a string that
adds a string inside of a virtual.
And I'll walk you through
what that looks like.
And these need to get
all the tests to pass.
So I'm gonna walk you
through those right quick.
So if we look at the org.js, the virtual,
what I'm talking about is, and
the test will tell you is, you need
to take this cdnUrl, right here, and
you need to add it to the ID
of an org inside of a virtual.
And that virtual needs
to be called avatar.
So you need a virtual called avatar that
just returns the cdnUrl plus the ID,
that's it.
So that's one thing.
You also need to add
another middleware in here,
that post remove will go find
all of the projects related to
the org that just got removed and
delete those, too.
So you gotta do that.
So that's gonna be an asynchronous
middleware hook that you have to do on
post remove.
And then inside the project,
I believe what you had to do in here was
you had to add a virtual
called budgetLeft.
And basically all it does is, it has
a getter on it that when called will just
give you the difference between
a budget and what was spent.
That's all it does.
So you subtract the spent from the budget
and it should return that value.
And that should be a virtual
called budgetLeft.
And then the last one that
you had to do was, and
in the project,
>> Scott Moss: Where is it?
Yeah, add a compound index
to the project scheme.
Yeah, so in the project scheme, this
is where you also add a compound index
where you want the name of the project
to be unique but only scoped to an org.
So you add a compound index for that.
And those are the four
things you had to do.
If you do all that,
all the tests should pass.
So if we run these tests,
we can do yarn test, or, yarn, yeah,
test exercises/hooks/__test__/.
If we run those,
>> Scott Moss: You see two test suits and
only three tests that pass.
So it's not that many tests, but
you can see they are pretty descriptive.
So project names are unique per org,
like we said before.
This one's expecting
that virtual to be there.
And then you have some other ones up here,
that's expecting the org to
move all the projects inside of a hook,
so it's testing for those things.